If you do something bad in the Navy, then your punishment can range from
just having extended watch, which means that you have to work a little
bit longer at the end of the day, or doing extra cleaning duties,
getting a write up that says hey you know what he did this on this
date with this thing and you know from now on he has to make sure
that he doesn't do it again and if he does then the punishment will
be more severe. That's a report. However, depending on how severe it
is, for instance, it goes up after that. If you were caught drinking
underage, then you could be behind bars, down in the brig, you might
not be reduced in rate. If it's even worse, for instance if you
desert the ship during time of war you could actually be put to death.
Those are few and far between and that's, they haven't done that
for a long time. But those are the ranges of the punishments that you
can have. Either almost nothing, you know just a day's worth of work
to death.